well howdy there I don't have people
it's Bo again we've got to talk about
open borders
well de-facto open borders no don't call
it open borders because that that'll
that'll mess up the con but we're about
we're about to have them we're about to
have de facto open borders who are on
the verge of the first open borders
presidency and it's funny to me because
the Democrats are pretty much already
holding their primaries and every reason
already campaigning and all of them are
saying nobody's saying open borders and
then there's Trump over there oh yeah
we've got to build a great wall a big
wall well we're gonna bring these people
in we're gonna process them and then
we're gonna let him go home and his
followers don't understand that
basically he's advocating a return to
Ellis Island style immigration it's open
borders with with an extra step and he's
so good at conning conservatives that
Fox News is advocating for de-facto open
borders it's amazing the mayors are
already on board with it you know
they're tweeting and I send them here
and the conservative base that follows
Trump that doesn't know how to do math
they're over they have he's gonna drop
off a hundred thousand illegals
yeah there's 200 jurisdictions in the
United States that are sanctuary that's
like 500 people each it's not even gonna
be noticed you know I understand the
urge among Democrats to resist all the
Trump because he's been at this long con
for so long that we forget that he's
really a New York liberal I mean you
know back in the day he said he was for
an assault weapons ban and then he had
to run Republican and he was like oh no
no I'm not and they believed him and
then we got the bump stock band we've
got red flag laws going up everywhere
you have the President of the United
States saying take the guns first worry
about due process second and they don't
see it because they bought into his
route
and now they're advocating for open
borders we just need to take this take
this win I mean we're on the verge of
the first open borders presidency and
it's being advocated by the far-right
because they've fallen so deep into that
cult of personality they don't even
understand what they're advocating for
anymore so to the Democrats in Congress
that are still playing politics stop
stop remember what's at stake here
we have innocent people in cages we have
children and facilities that were abuse
runs rampant so rape but there's
hearings about it you're talking about
it in Congress remember get them out of
the cages first we can worry about the
logistics later this isn't going to be a
big deal we're only talking about a few
hundred people per City so but we have
to keep up the appearance and that we're
against this I understand that because
if the Conservatives understand that
they're getting played and the Trump is
basically just given the progressives
everything they could possibly ever want
then they'll start to pull away from
that idea but we just need to kind of
keep up pretending like oh this is a bad
idea it's political retribution oh
please don't do it but at the same time
we don't want to find too hard because
Trump in his for DHS is going to bring
about de facto open borders in the
United States and I don't know if he's
actually conning conservatives or he's
just a man-child throwing a temper
tantrum but the end result is the same
if he in acts this yeah it's open
borders and call it whatever you want
but the end result is open borders an
even worse case scenario he he tries to
make it painful for the sanctuary cities
that are taking them and he like loads
them all up on boxcars
sends men 10,000 at a time we can work
out the logistics to get them moved to
the other jurisdictions and then from
there they can be anywhere in the
country and he knows this he knows this
he's just got to keep playing to his
base
let him keep playing to his base because
at the end of the day we're gonna get
people out of cages and that's what
matters anyway it's just a thought y'all
have a good night